Implement a Reusable E2E Kubeflow ML Lifecycle (#3728)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/started/architecture.md

Reviewer: The only persona shpwn here is ML Engineer which in my opinion is not correct as Data Preparation can be done by a Data Engineer. Similarly Model Development, Hyperparameter tuning, Model Training can/will be done by data scientist. 
My suggestion will be to remove the ML Engineer Persona

Reviewer: In line 40, the definition for Data prepartion can be reworded to say that 

In the Data Preparation step you ingest/raw data raw data and transfer it to perform feature engineering to extract ML features for the offline feature store, and prepare training data for model development. Usually, this step is associated with data processing tools such as Spark, Dask, Flink, or Ray.

Author: What do you mean by `you ingest/raw data raw data`?

Reviewer: Sorry thats was a typo

Author: I guess, the idea of this statement is to say that you use Spark to inject raw data and process it.

  explore the existing pre-trained models for fine-tuning like BERT or Llama.

- In the _Model Optimization_ step you can optimize your model hyperparameters and optimize your
  model with various AutoML algorithms such as neural architecture search and model compression.
  During model optimization you can store ML metadata in the _Model Registry_.

- In the _Model Training_ step you train or fine-tune your model on the large-scale
  compute environment. You should use distributed training if single GPU can't handle your
  model size. The results of the model training is the trained model artifact that you
  can store in the _Model Registry_.

- In the _Model Serving_ step you serve your model artifact for online or batch inference. Your
  model can perform predictive or generative AI tasks depends on the use-case. During model serving
  step you are using online feature store to extract features. You should monitor your model
  performance, and feed the results into your previous steps in the ML lifecycle.

### ML Lifecycle for Production and Development Phases

ML lifecycle can be split between development and production phases with the primary goal to

> produce AI application for users:

Author: We need to explain the result of ML lifecycle is the AI application.

> ML lifecycle can be split between development and production phases with the primary goal to
> produce AI application for users:

Reviewer 2: Isn't the purpose of this diagram to show which parts of the lifecycle exist in each phase?

If you want to say "AI Application" it needs to be at the beginning of the sentence:

```suggestion
The ML lifecycle for AI applications may be conceptually split between _development_ and _production_ phases, this diagram explores which stages fit into each phase:
```

> produce AI application for users:

Author: I think that also work, let me do that.

weight = 10
+++

This guide introduces Kubeflow ecosystem and explains how Kubeflow components fit in ML lifecycle.

Read [the introduction guide](/docs/started/introduction) to learn more about Kubeflow, standalone
Kubeflow components and Kubeflow Platform.

## Kubeflow Ecosystem

The following diagram shows Kubeflow ecosystem for arranging the

> components of your ML system on top of Kubernetes:

Reviewer 2: ```
The following diagram gives an overview of the Kubeflow Ecosystem and how it relates to the wider Kubernetes and ML/AI landscapes.
```

<img src="/docs/started/images/kubeflow-architecture.drawio.svg"
  alt="An architectural overview of Kubeflow on Kubernetes"
  class="mt-3 mb-3">

Kubeflow builds on [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) as a system for
deploying, scaling, and managing complex systems.

Using the Kubeflow configuration interfaces (see [below](#kubeflow-interfaces)) you can

> specify the ML tools required for your use cases.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure we need these lines under here, as they aren't about the ecosystem, and I don't like using the word "complex".

Also, it's not really correct to say the interfaces let you choose which ML tools to use, that's the deployment process.

Author: I will say this:
```
Kubeflow builds on [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) as a system for
deploying, scaling, and managing AI/ML infrastructure.
```

Author: >Also, it's not really correct to say the interfaces let you choose which ML tools to use, that's the deployment process.

Let me remove this sentence for now.

  model size. The results of the model training is the trained model artifact that you
  can store in the _Model Registry_.

- In the _Model Serving_ step you serve your model artifact for online or batch inference. Your
  model may perform predictive or generative AI tasks depending on the use-case. During the model
  serving step you may use an online feature store to extract features. You monitor the model
  performance, and feed the results into your previous steps in the ML lifecycle.

### ML Lifecycle for Production and Development Phases

The ML lifecycle for AI applications may be conceptually split between _development_ and
_production_ phases, this diagram explores which stages fit into each phase:

<img src="/docs/started/images/ml-lifecycle-dev-prod.drawio.svg"
  alt="ML Lifecycle with Development and Production"
  class="mt-3 mb-3">

### Kubeflow Components in the ML Lifecycle

The next diagram shows how Kubeflow components are used for each stage in the ML lifecycle:

<img src="/docs/started/images/ml-lifecycle-kubeflow.drawio.svg"
  alt="Kubeflow Components in ML Lifecycle"
  class="mt-3 mb-3">

> 

Reviewer 2: We should add an introduction, and I think it might look better without the double spaces between each bullet point (but I will defer to you).

```suggestion
See the following links for more information about each Kubeflow component:

```

Author: I like the separation tho, given that it is easier to see different Kubeflow projects.

  step in the ML lifecycle.

You can use most Kubeflow components as
[standalone tools](/docs/started/introduction/#what-are-standalone-kubeflow-components) and
integrate them into your existing AI/ML Platform, or you can deploy the full
[Kubeflow Platform](/docs/started/introduction/#what-is-kubeflow-platform) to get all Kubeflow
components for an end-to-end ML lifecycle.

## Kubeflow Interfaces

This section introduces the interfaces that you can use to interact with
Kubeflow and to build and run your ML workflows on Kubeflow.

### Kubeflow User Interface (UI)

The Kubeflow UI looks like this:

<img src="/docs/images/central-ui.png" 
  alt="The Kubeflow UI"
  class="mt-3 mb-3 border border-info rounded">

The Kubeflow Platform includes [Kubeflow Central Dashboard](/docs/components/central-dash/overview/)
which acts as a hub for your ML platform and tools by exposing the UIs of components running in the
cluster.

### Kubeflow APIs and SDKs

<!--
TODO (andreyvelich): Add reference docs once this issue is implemented: https://github.com/kubeflow/katib/issues/2081
-->

Various components of Kubeflow offer APIs and Python SDKs.

See the following sets of reference documentation:

> 

Reviewer 2: I think we can remove the spaces between these bullet lins, as the double-spacing makes it harder to read.
